chore(docs) Replace utilize with use (#47010)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/ai/going-to-prod.mdx

2. Prefer `inner-product` to `L2` or `Cosine` distances if your vectors are normalized (like `text-embedding-ada-002`). If embeddings are not normalized, `Cosine` distance should give the best results with an index.
3. **Pre-warm your database.** Implement the warm-up technique before transitioning to production or running benchmarks.
   - Use [pg_prewarm](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/pgprewarm.html) to load the index into RAM `select pg_prewarm('vecs.docs_vec_idx');`. This will help to avoid cold cache issues.

>    - Execute 10,000 to 50,000 "warm-up" queries before each benchmark/prod. This will help to use cache and buffers more efficiently.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Execute 10,000 to 50,000 "warm-up" queries before each benchmark or prod. This helps to use cache and buffers more efficiently.
```
